---
layout: post
title: "After two months without blogging, I break my silence to complain about... cable news."
---

# I don't normally watch TV.

I've been spending time with my family, though, and they all watch TV. Both my
parents *and* my grandma leave the TV on all day. A lot of that time is on news
networks: Fox News for my parents, CNN for my grandma.

Am I the only one that finds news networks
[completely inane?](https://twitter.com/#!/jesusabdullah/status/76695404049219584)

I mean, I try to keep track of the news, but I tend to read it online, through
[reddit](http://reddit.com) and [twitter](http://twitter.com). I heard about the
Middle East protests/revolutions before a lot of other people, for example.

On this old-fangle teevee, though, it feels like the news is fake. I mean sure,
they *do* report news, but that's only like 10% of it. The rest of it is canned
outrage from various "personalities," brain-dead ideologues "debating the
issues" (don't forget that it's "both sides"), and then acting like they're hip
with today's kids by reading off terrible comments via Facebook and Twitter.

![](http://i.imgur.com/OXrRB.png)

I think part of my issue is that I'm used to being able to mentally filter
content when reading. For example, CNN reported on Jack Kevorkian's death. If I
had ran across anything about this event on Reddit, I could've just read the
headline and moved on. On CNN, however, I was basically stuck listening to them
reminding us about who he was, why he was controversial, and what stupid people
on the internet think about him.

# Here's something I'd be interested in, though:

Cable TV has
[closed captioning](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Closed_captioning), right? So,
why not scrape the captions (my understanding is that they're ASCII-encoded)
to build up a web page linking to relevant articles? That way, I can get my CNN
while being able to filter content as I normally do. Plus, tag clouds would be
an interesting way to compare the contents of different networks (such as CNN
vs. Fox News).
